AS A STUDENT, I WANT TO:

Have a clear, branded homepage that serves as the entry point to event discovery, making it easy to start searching and browsing. (5US)
Easily browse all published events using filters for a personal search (5US) (MILESTONE)
Be able to add an event to my personal calendar for time referral (3US)
Be able to view a straightforward way to claim my ticket (3US)
See a digital ticket as soon as my event is paid for (3US) (MILESTONE)
Be able to view my profile when needed with all of my personal information (2US)

TASK BREAKDOWN FOR EACH USER STORY:

User Story 1 (Main Page FrontEnd) (Assignee: Noorjahan):

Analyze the Concordia Website to align the user interface of the official website to the event website (color palette, character style, etc)
Code the FRONT END (HTML, CSS & JS) to obtain the user interface agreed upon in the planning 

User Story 2 (Event Page FrontEnd) (Assignee: Chandler):

Code the FRONT END (HTML/CSS) for the main event browsing page (index.html).
Implement main page JavaScript (index.js) to fetch all events from the backend and display them as cards.

Implement core data logic (event-data-utils.js) (Assignee: Rim)
Create event-data-utils.js to centralize JavaScript logic for event filtering, searching, and sorting. This module will be integrated into index.js to enable the "Trending Events" and other filtering functionalities.

User Story 3 (Signing Into a New Account and Logging In Page) (Assignee: Patricia Dsouza):

Code the FRONTEND for the SignUp and Login Page by creating signup.html, login.html, and forgot-password.html (if the user forgets their password)
Also created the css file for the same
This creates the interface where the user can create a new account by signing in and then logging into their already created account

User Story 4 (Ticket Claim Flow) (Assignee: Rim):

Create the event-details.html page to display information for a single event.
Create the event-details.js file to implement the core ticket claiming logic.
Write JavaScript logic to handle the "Claim Ticket" button click.
Implement conditional logic to check if an event is "free" or "paid".
Manage the POST request to the backend AP for free claims.
Manage the redirect flow to payment-placeholder.html for all paid events.

User Story 5 (Organizer Frontend-Backend Integration) (Assignee: Sunidhi):

Connected organizer signup, login, and event creation forms to the backend
Updated forms to match what the database expects
Replace mock data with actual API fetch requests
Tested end-to-end flows 

User Story 6 (Profile Page Frontend) (Assignee: Reema):

Analyze the Concordia Website to align the user interface of the official website to the event website (color palette, character style, etc)
Code the FRONT END (HTML, CSS & JS) to obtain the user interface agreed upon in the planning 

User Story 7 (Backend CRUD Testing & CICD) (Assignee: Griffin):

Implemented comprehensive positive and negative CRUD operation tests for all models.
Improved backend error handling for graceful failures.
Implemented automated test execution for CICD compliance.


SPRINT 04 PLANNING:

AS A USER, I WANT TO:

Have a pleasant, uniform view when using the website
View Event according to my personal preferences (MILESTONE)
Claim tickets for events
View Events I claimed a ticket for in my personal calendar
Create Events if I am an organizer

